src/pages/keeping-busy.md, before:

---
title: "Keeping Busy"
date: "2020-08-01"
tags: ["WFH", "games"]
---

When Theo’s not sleeping or eating, he wants to play. He needs a job to do, all the time -- which can make it hard for me to do my job. 

So we play a lot of games.

This is one of my favorites -- with just a minute or two of set-up, it can keep him occupied for 15-20 minutes straight, and after two or three rounds, he’s ready for sleep. All you need are small treats (Theo loves NutriSource) and a few cardboard boxes; you can add toys or balls for longer play times. I save his Chewy and my Amazon boxes for this purpose. 

Here are the variations we’ve tried:

**Basic:** Hide a single treat in one of the boxes. Close them all, put them in a pile, and tell your dog to find the treat. 
To make it easier, close the boxes with a small piece of tape 
 [ image ] 
For dogs like Theo, who uses the brute-force method of problem-solving, I’ll close them like this to make it a little harder:
        [image]
You can also put a small treat in each box, to keep them motivated.

**Intermediate:** If your dog solves that game too quickly, put one or more treats in the smaller boxes and close them. Then fit them into the Chewy box. Your dog will have to remove the boxes first, then find the treat(s). 
![Intermediate boxes](/keeping-busy/theo1.png)

    
**Advanced:** Set up your boxes as described above, then add toys and/or a bunch of balls (I ordered 150 of these from Amazon). Drop a few treats in the Chewy box, in addition to the smaller box(es). Your dog will have to remove the boxes and sniff his way through the balls to find the treats.
    

**Recycling:** When your dog has destroyed the boxes, you can tuck them into the Chewy box and fill with balls or toys. Scatter treats and ask him to find it. 

<div class="grid">

![A simple box setup](/keeping-busy/box1.jpg)

![nested box setup](/keeping-busy/box2.jpg)

</div>

No boxes? No problem! Toss a few treats and toys into a basket or bag and let the fun begin!

<div class="grid">

![basket](/keeping-busy/basket.jpg)

![another basket](/keeping-busy/basket2.jpg)

</div>

Question (for the comments)
How did this work for you? 
What variations do you do? 
How else do you keep your dog occupied while you’re working from home? 



Social media
Time lapse video + “Use treats and your old boxes to keep your dog happy and occupied while you #WFH. How do you keep your dog busy? Link to instructions in profile!”

Commit message:

clean up blog post without illustrations for the time being

src/pages/keeping-busy.md, after:

---
title: "Keeping Busy"
date: "2020-08-01"
tags: ["WFH", "games"]
---

When Theo’s not sleeping or eating, he wants to play. He needs a job to do, all the time -- which can make it hard for me to do my job. 

So we play a lot of games.

This is one of my favorites -- with just a minute or two of set-up, it can keep him occupied for 15-20 minutes straight, and after two or three rounds, he’s ready for sleep. All you need are small treats (Theo loves NutriSource) and a few cardboard boxes; you can add toys or balls for longer play times. I save his Chewy and my Amazon boxes for this purpose. 

Here are the variations we’ve tried:

**Basic:** Hide a single treat in one of the boxes. Close them all, put them in a pile, and tell your dog to find the treat. 
To make it easier, close the boxes with a small piece of tape 
For dogs like Theo, who uses the brute-force method of problem-solving, I’ll close them with the flaps holding one another shut to make it a little harder.
You can also put a small treat in each box, to keep them motivated.

**Intermediate:** If your dog solves that game too quickly, put one or more treats in the smaller boxes and close them. Then fit them into the Chewy box. Your dog will have to remove the boxes first, then find the treat(s). 
![Intermediate boxes](/keeping-busy/theo1.png)

    
**Advanced:** Set up your boxes as described above, then add toys and/or a bunch of balls (I ordered 150 of these from Amazon). Drop a few treats in the Chewy box, in addition to the smaller box(es). Your dog will have to remove the boxes and sniff his way through the balls to find the treats.
    

**Recycling:** When your dog has destroyed the boxes, you can tuck them into the Chewy box and fill with balls or toys. Scatter treats and ask him to find it. 

<div class="grid">

![A simple box setup](/keeping-busy/box1.jpg)

![nested box setup](/keeping-busy/box2.jpg)

</div>

No boxes? No problem! Toss a few treats and toys into a basket or bag and let the fun begin!

<div class="grid">

![basket](/keeping-busy/basket.jpg)

![another basket](/keeping-busy/basket2.jpg)

</div>

How did this work for you? 
What variations do you do? 
How else do you keep your dog occupied while you’re working from home?
